<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [MeshCollection][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [loadMeshFromUrl][3]
        -   [Parameters][4]
    -   [has][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [show][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [hide][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [detach][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
    -   [loadPointCloudFromUrl][13]
        -   [Parameters][14]
    -   [addPointCloud][15]
        -   [Parameters][16]

## MeshCollection

**Extends EventManager**

Events expected:

-   'onMeshLoaded': whenever a mesh is loaded. the callback of this event is called with the arg:

### Parameters

-   `threeContext`   (optional, default `null`)
-   `mesh` **THREE.Mesh** mesh object
-   `id` **[string][17]** id of the mesh (as used within this collection)-   'onMeshLoadingProgress': when the loading status is updated. The callback arguments are:
-   `id` **[string][17]** id of the element that could not be loaded
-   `step` **[string][17]** name of the step being in progression (ie. 'parsing')
-   `progress` **[number][18]** percentage of progress on the 'step'-   'onMeshLoadError': whenever a mesh could not be loaded, for various reasons. Args of the callbac:
-   `error` **[Error][19]** the error explaining what was wrong
-   `id` **[string][17]** id of the element that could not be loaded-   'onMeshLoadWarning': when mesh is asked to be loaded but it's already being processed or in the loaded.
         Note that this is based on the ID, not the URL
-   `message` **[string][17]** the explanation
-   `id` **[string][17]** ID of the mesh being loaded

### loadMeshFromUrl

Load a mesh file from a distant file, with the provided url.

#### Parameters

-   `url` **[string][17]** the url to load the file from
-   `options` **[object][20]** the options object (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `options.format` **[string][17]** must be one of: 'obj' (no others for the moment :D )
    -   `options.id` **[string][17]** the id to attribute to the mesh once it will be part of the collection. Automatically generated if not provided
    -   `options.makeVisible` **[boolean][21]** if true, the mesh will be added and made visible once loaded. If false, it's just going to be parsed and will have to be added later using its id (default: true)
    -   `options.color` **[string][17]** the color to apply to the mesh in the format '#FFFFFF' (default: '#FFFFFF', does not apply if a material is given)
    -   `options.focusOn` **[boolean][21]** once loaded, the camera will look at it
    -   `options.material` **THREE.Material** the material to apply to this mesh (default: a generated Fresnel material)

### has

Is a mesh with such id in the collection?

#### Parameters

-   `id`  

Returns **[boolean][21]** true if present in collection, false if not

### show

Show the mesh that has such id

#### Parameters

-   `id`  

### hide

Hide the mesh that has such id

#### Parameters

-   `id`  

### detach

NOT WORKING FOR NOW

#### Parameters

-   `id`  

### loadPointCloudFromUrl

Load a mesh file from a distant file, with the provided url.

#### Parameters

-   `url` **[string][17]** the url to load the file from
-   `options` **[object][20]** the options object (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `options.size` **[number][18]** size of each point (default: 100, as the space unit is probably going to be micron)
    -   `options.format` **[string][17]** must be one of: 'raw' (no others for the moment :D )
    -   `options.id` **[string][17]** the id to attribute to the mesh once it will be part of the collection. Automatically generated if not provided
    -   `options.makeVisible` **[boolean][21]** if true, the mesh will be added and made visible once loaded. If false, it's just going to be parsed and will have to be added later using its id (default: true)
    -   `options.color` **[string][17]** the color to apply to the mesh in the format '#FFFFFF' (default: '#FFFFFF', does not apply if a material is given)
    -   `options.focusOn` **[boolean][21]** once loaded, the camera will look at it

### addPointCloud

TEST

#### Parameters

-   `nbPoints`   (optional, default `1000`)
-   `color`  

[1]: #meshcollection

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #loadmeshfromurl

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #has

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #show

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #hide

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: #detach

[12]: #parameters-5

[13]: #loadpointcloudfromurl

[14]: #parameters-6

[15]: #addpointcloud

[16]: #parameters-7

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
